
End creddits scene, when the trigger happens fade it to white and then fade out from white to the cut scene.
=> no inter-scene fading implemented

Flapping should just loop from the start. => no idea why it doesnt, but the wings dont visually flap either before takeoff!?

For the two Color’s, pick which one looks better.
Yeah just put it in the empty space on the clipboard

The firework should have a clean/normal version without the spark when it runs out of fuel.

Replace speedometer

landing=> maybe a tire skidding sound? idk

maybe find another unused sound for the falling?

Add the Dust partciale animation I sent to the dust pile up.

Remove the last image and have it fade into the main menu ( it just cuts atm)

Add a "back to main menu" on the credits scene"

(Low priority) Could we have a pop up window for the other things in the workshop? If so write a basic description like "Fuel, buy more here" etc

Delay the Flight results clip board (not the numbers)

[tutorial]
bring the Close and Next buttons away from the edges so it's grinding against them.
Close color = red? Next = light blue or yellow.

color the results on clipboard

space out the balloon particales? so they last longer/go further,

Soda bottle particles should be the same size/try to get it more like a stream of water?,

Boots particales, put behind pony, lower the opacity/ less darker as it looks like a coal mine. have them go long enough to leave the screen, If can't remove particles from boots.,

add shadow ( add to pony scene? )

Transitions, fading between scenes.

impact dust animation, dirt pile, delay

hide music button in tutorial/cutscenes

fireworks should have default sprite that isnt burning

Hide left arrow on first page, hide right arrow on last page (as you can't flip more.)

Space under the upgrades, add a buy button? Or enlarge the area to click so it covers the stat bar as well. As it's unclear where to click?

Propulsion Effect: Maybe add a air cresent image that fades in so it looks like its affecting the air?

Add a Score thing to the main menu of "Best time: X Days" that doesn't get reset ?

settings + full screen

wax wings melt